## Run processes
One of the biggest issue I have seen in run-time application management is that systems administrators look at processes, whereas developers look at applications. This is even more apparent in the monolithic model of a single application server hosting many applications. To a systems administrator, there is one process and that is the application server itself. They have no visibility into the applications running inside of the container.

Now some teams have built a hybrid position called an application administrator to deal with this discrepancy between the systems
administrators and the developers. 12 factor Methodology deal with this problem in a different way. application themselves are deployed as one or more processes instead of embedding them in another process. So the focus becomes one and the same. As a devewloper, this would be akin to running the Hello World program from the command line and indeed, this is what a 12 factor application is doing.

Obviously with much more complex code. Before we get too deep into the how, let's talk for a momemnt about the why. In a 12 factor application, you're running processes that are stateless. You should assume that there is no guarantee that data in memory will be either outside the run-time of the current process. In fact, relying on dta either in the file system or in memory form operation to poeration, is a violation ofthe premise of this factor.

Memory usage should be single threaded, and short lived. Anything that needs to be stroed from operation to operation needs to leverage a database or a cache. This becomes even more crtical as we look at the life cycle of a 12 factor application and how applications can have isntances created, destroyed or scaled at. When dealing with sessions, 12 factor looks at sticky sessions as a violation of the methodology. So you should use technology for caching seession dta in an external dta store instead of using lcoal memory. Now, let's talk about converting legacy applications to using htis factor. This can be challenging in its own right. but it's definitely very doable. The first palce I would look are the frameworks in your language that can be used to convert your appication to a single process. one example is a technology taht allows the application server to run inside of the application instead of the other way around.

In addition to changing how your applicaiton starts and runs, you also need to evaluate your memory usage. Cache technologies are always an option to leverage cases where you are relying on the memory of the system. But there are also ways to re-write your application and specifiy API calls, to make your application truly stateless. As with all of this, you have to change you think about application developent itself.  
